No.
It's time to create the View project and we will created using the view your life.
So good to see you later.
The Vue.js the talk and the run this command or this to install of UCL.
I already did it in my machine.
So now I will open the terminal and I will run, review, create and all.
Call the project view out.
Now we will have some options.
I will manually select the features I want to select TypeScript or outer in the view X and I'll go further
or select the version three.
Oh, the type.
No, here.
Then all the other values I will select the default value and now our project is being created.
Let's wait till it's completed.
So the project was created and I will open it with my idea.
So now over there and PM and serve so we can see it on the browser.
It will serve on localhost port 8880.
Or copy this URL and the old open it on the browser.
We can see this is our view up.
No, let's make some changes.
So it will go to the source directory and I will remove the boat and home view old remove also the hello
world here I'll go to the router.
All the removal are out here
in the in the store.
I won't change anything old.
Remove the assets.
And in awe of that view.
I will remove all the styles here and all the email here.
We need some.
Is the mill here also?
So I will go to bootstrap.
Go to get bootstrap dot com click get started and copy the thesis link here.
Go to public index.
That is the email here and paste the bootstrap link.
So we out of the bootstrap link, we still need to order the template.
So go to examples and we will go to the signing template here.
Let's view the P source and copy this each the email, the main div here and let's go to our update
view and all pasted here.
A note or up will look like this.
Still, we need to make some changes.
First, we'll remove the image.
This is police training, so everything is correct.
Old removal for this remember me button in this paragraph in the end.
And I'll keep this simple.
Still, we need some other stuff.
So if we see here we are referencing assigning the thesis file.
Click here.
And we need also these styles here.
But I won't copy all of them.
I'll copy just the form signing styles and all of them in the end.
So a lot here style and old paste with styles.
All save them.
And we can see now the please signing form.
And it looks correct.
Now in the next tutorial, let's add more forms.